# pyO'clock
### Video Demo: https://youtu.be/GKWiGnS19LE
#
### Description:

I came up with the idea for this project during winter break. I would always wake up late and I always ignored the alarms. So when I had to make a program for the CS50 Final I decided to make an alarm that would not stop making sound unless you solved a math problem. This way even if you turn off the alarm your brain would have time to wake up giving you more chance actually to get up with the alarm.

I made 4 extra functions apart from the main function, set_alarm, convert, questions, and is_number_string. The is_number_string function is a helper function that makes sure that the input given by the user when answering the math question is an actual positive, negative, or decimal number. It starts by asking the user when they want the alarm to go off and then for the time. The format in which this information has to be given is particular and will only accept the shown example in the program and if the wrong format is given it will say invalid date or time and ask again. The time is given in AM/PM format and then it will call the convert function that will change the time into a 24-hr format so that the datetime module can calculate the time. If the date or time is less than the current time the program will tell the user that the time has to be greater than the current time.

Then it asks for the sound of the alarm. You can customize the sound of the alarm to your liking as long as the sound is in the same directory. If the sound does not exist it will raise a FileNotFoundError and prompt the user again. The next question is what the user wants to name the alarm and this can be anything the user wants. When the user gives all the right input the program will print that the alarm will go off at the specified time and date. The set_alarm function calculates the time difference between the current time and the time the user wants the alarm to go off and uses that difference to delay the sound from going off. After the time is over the alarm will go off and then generate a math problem.

The problem is randomly generated by the questions function. It generates two random numbers from 1 to 10 and then chooses a random operator from the list and asks the user what the answer to the problem is. Then it compares the two answers and if they are the same it returns True, if not it returns False. If something else than a number is given it prompts the user for an answer, if the wrong answer is given it generates a new question. In the set_alarm function after the questions function returns its value if it's True it breaks from the while loop if it is False it calls the questions function again to generate a new random math problem. After the problem has been answered correctly the program prompts the user if they want to set up another alarm. If yes it calls the main function repeating the process, if no it exists from the program, and if any other answer apart from yes or no is given it prompts the user again if they want to set another alarm. That is everything that my python program does.